## Question 1: What are you struggling with the most in the Tech Stack so far and why?
I would say the thing I am stuggling with the most in the tech stack is the back end as a whole. I am not sure why, but I am struggling a lot more with python than I did with JavaScript. It could partially be that I am not used to not seeing the product of what I am creating right in front of me, but I do feel like I have harder time. On top of all that adding django into the mix seemed to make me struggle even more.

## Question 2: What companies or people (local or not) would you like to hear talk during a Bootcamp lunch and learn?
I am not familiar with a lot of tech companies for the most part, so I don't really mind who comes to the lunch and learn as long as they can give some insight to what it is like to work in the tech industry and help us get a picture of what we would be heading into. All in all I don't really mind who comes to the lunch and learns, as long as they can do what was previously mentioned.

## Question 3: After having built your first full-stack application, what things in your repertoire are a sticking point for you? Were you able to reconnect your React Restaurant to your Backend Bistro code? If so, what was that like, and if not, what hurdles did you need to jump?
It seems that my react restaurant does not work at the current moment, as the react scripts are a little messed up so I will have to redo the restaurant project or find a fix for the missing scripts. A sticking point for me was the models and how they work. The models, to me at least, are a way to set up the tables and show how the tables are going to be set up/connected to each other. 