## Question 1: Now that you are halfway through bootcamp, what has been the biggest hurdle that you have gone past? What do you think is going to be the next biggest thing to power through?
I think they biggest hurdle for me in the bootcamp is trying to break out of my shell and talking to others. I would say I am a fairly introverted person and I stay silent most the time, especially in classes or in larger groups of people. As the bootcamp has gone on I feel like I have done a decent job of breaking out of my shell and at the very least becoming acquainted with every if not friends. I know the next hurdle I need to get over and that is asking for more help when I need it, or just asking about more things in general. I still have a very big issue with asking questions because I get very self concious about it thinking that I am just going to ask something really dumb or redundant. When I get over this hurdle I feel like I am going to have a much easier time learning, it will open up a lot more for me instead of me looking for answers on my own struggling to find them, and if I ask the teachers it will get my brain processing more instead of just seeking out an answer, which will in turn make me understand the code as a whole better.

## Question 2: Compared to earlier, what are three ideas you might want to do for your final project? Are they the same ideas as before, or have they changed now that you understand more 
Compared to earlier only one idea has stayed the same that I might want to do for my final project, and that is making a clothing/jewelry site. I feel like it would be able to show some off a lot of front end which I feel like I am a lot better at than back end, but I feel like I can also add in some backend to show that I am able to do everything full stack. For the other two ideas I have been comtemplating possibly making a more fleshed out evercraft game which would show a lot more in backend and get me out of my comfortzone with doing more back end than front end, and possibly a stat tracker for overwatch so I could still show off a mixture of both front and back end.

## Question 3: What surprised you about your first week in Python and how was it different from your first week in JavaScript?
What surprised me the most about the first week in Python compared to JavaScript was that the syntax was very different. You don't have to close a lot of the lines of code that you type out, as Justin put it in one of the classes "It makes the code look naked." Another thing that threw me off more than surprised me was that there wasn't really an visible output, it is all a lot more seeing if the code works in console verses looking at the site you have made and seeing what you have made work and come to life visibly.